hello everybody I'd like to thank John
judge for inviting me it's an honor to
be here to address my colleagues all of
you here today all of us are colleagues
in a quest not just to learn who killed
JFK or RFK or MLK but to find and
connect the dots that explain how the
secret government works and I must say I
think we've made a lot of progress I'd
also like to thank John Garrity for
setting me up on my brand-new webcam I
encourage everybody to take advantage of
this new technology and all of the other
technology available and make sharing
information and ideas so much easier
which brings me to make Brussels which
is where I would like to start this
address I got my first made Brussels
tapes in 1984 my first book the hotel
talk Logan had just been published in I
was branching out into the Phoenix
program at that time anyway somebody
sent me a list of maze tapes her
collection was quite extensive even then
I picked out about a dozen Dougan hand
JFK Reinhard Gillan just a lot of things
that seemed interesting to me and I sent
her some money and a few weeks later the
tapes arrived with a note from me saying
thanks for the money apparently a lot of
people never paid her and she sent the
tapes out anyway but that's what it was
in 1984 most of us over the years have
worked for pennies and it's never been
about making money this thing that were
involved in this and it makes us
colleagues and brings us here
anyway so I listen to maze tapes and I
took notes it took me days to do that
gathering and pursuing leads back in
1984 was a slow process a lot slower
than it is now as I look back I'm just
amazed that same year in 1984 I went
down to Washington DC to start work on
my book the Phoenix program
I met John Kelly who published
CounterSpy I met Lou wolf at covert
action bulletin as still friends with
those guys sometimes we call it this
thing were involved in the research
network back then it was a tight group
like now back then there was a lot of
work on iran-contra which moved all of
us a lot forward a lot further ahead I
see numbers sleeping on John's couch
whenever I went down there to meet
people when I started doing my work for
the Phoenix program and just another
observation at the age of the print
magazines and this kind of light work
seems to be slipping away
for all but the most of the hardy
researchers but he's still got to do it
you still got to get out there and pound
the pavement I think people like Mae and
Penn Jones would be amazed at how much
things have changed in 25 years change
for better and for worse we know a lot
more but it's still the same quest and I
guess that will never change down in in
Washington DC in 1984 it was a strange
experience for me starting out and and I
think maybe this
addresses directed towards some people
that might be starting out as well a lot
of people wouldn't meet with me big
shots on the on the left I was sort of
an outsider and a nobody or not I didn't
know where to go and what to do but the
strange thing was William Colby didn't
meet with me the former director of
Central Intelligence like I said my book
the hotel taco man had just come out
Larry Hill and published it and I had
sent a copy to Colby and asked him if he
would do an interview with me
well he surprisingly he'd read the book
and liked it and I was very surprised
because my father had been a prisoner of
war in World War two in a camp in a
Japanese camp and the military still
denies that that camp ever existed so my
book was about a military cover-up but
that didn't matter to Colby and I was
also surprised because in the author's
notes my book I mentioned the day that
Don John Kennedy was killed I was
setting the mood for that story and a
lot of the work that I've done since
then the day John Kennedy was killed I
was at my grandmother's funeral watching
TV with my sister I remember I told my
father that Kennedy had been killed and
that quote they got the guy who did it
my father smiled at me back then and he
said the one thing you can be sure of
Doug is the guy they got didn't do it so
anyway called the red walnut and in my
book and it didn't bother me in fact he
said when we met that he thought that
that my father's experience and my
feelings about JFK and stuff would
enable me to understand the complexities
and subtleties of the Phoenix program
which is you know ironic to say the
least
okay you
never know so my message to all of you
involved in the research network is
don't censor yourself ever and talk to
everybody it's it really makes a big
difference and then in 1984 after I
spoke with Kody another strange thing
that happened was that a lot of people
on the Left wouldn't talk to me after
they knew I had spoken to Colby they
they thought I was tainted somehow but
it wasn't true you know I talked to a
lot of CIA people and and called me
introduced me to a bunch of high-ranking
CIA officers who'd been in the Phoenix
program and they introduced me to more
people and that's how I learned about
Phoenix but I never lost my way and so
you know you just can't be swayed by
what other people think you just have to
keep doing what you have to do and for
me that's always been going for primary
sources not not reading the documents so
much but actually trying to find a
person who wrote the document and
talking to them anyway as you all know
the Phoenix program nowadays is a
template for the war on terror its
importance can't be overstated it was
kind of a book the book I wrote was kind
of neglected for a while but it's as
people see where the war on terror is
going it's it's um become people have
paid more attention to it and that's
another thing you know you just gotta
stick it out from for the long run
[Music]
political assassination is now stated
official US policy and it has
unfortunately wide public support it
used to be that the CIA just bombed oh
I've had to stay
but till this is another thing that's
changed and that in the past 30 years
now anyone anywhere who has politics
politics that the US doesn't agree with
or even just happens to be there
standing next to people who have
politics that our government doesn't
like those people now can be killed the
drones are in the sky and as I look back
over 25 years
I'm sure William Colby saw it as they
coming and I'm sure as I look forward
another 25 years into the future that
the CIA has more in store so everything
that we're doing in terms of and John
judge and and hold you people there that
has to do with figuring out the
conspiracies behind political
assassination is is just becoming more
and more important that's my big message
for you today I just like to close his
some little address here by being
practical for a moment through my my
Phoenix research I heard that agents of
military intelligence had taken pictures
of the assassination of Martin Luther
King and Memphis and I wrote one or two
or three sentences in my book to that
effect
those few sentences in that Phoenix
program book ended up with Bill pepper
calling me up in 1992 as a guy down in
Memphis some Steve Tompkins I think his
name was had been doing an investigation
down there and pepper read my book and
and put what I said together what some
other people were doing and over the
next couple of years we worked on at it
and
ended up and proved to be true military
intelligence agents were on the top of
the firehouse roof overlooking the
Lorraine hotel that day and that were
taking pictures and when I testified at
the trial King versus showers in 1999
that particular piece of information
made a really big difference so every
little piece of information is important
and I can't stress that enough
through Colby and other people in the
Phoenix program some of whom gave me
rosters at the Phoenix program had a
director at Saigon I also found out that
there was a guy named Colonel Robert Lee
Jones who was the deputy director of the
Phoenix program from 1968 to 1970 a very
big job I don't suppose I have to
explain Phoenix program to any of you
people but they had a blacklist and they
were picking out people who assassinated
in Vietnam and as the deputy director of
this program he was written a midst of
all that and as a lot of you probably
know Colonel Robert E Jones was in henan
the head of the military intelligence
group in San Antonio on the day John
Kennedy was killed this guy Colonel
Jones on that day had sent seven or
eight playing clothes military
intelligence agents to Dallas to watch
what was going on down there this is the
big one of the big mysteries to me yet
that has to be solved about what
happened at Kennedy assassination I know
that there were military intelligence
agents where when King was assassinated
I know I know that
there were military intelligence agents
out there in Dallas when Kennedy was
assassinated assassinated I found out
one of the two guys who were in Memphis
but as far as I know we don't know who
any of those seven or eight guys were
and I think that if I could encourage
anybody who starting out now or or even
some of the veterans I just think that
this could be a big piece of information
and I really hope that someday we can
find out who those guys were who were
there that day and find out what they
were doing and if if there's a thing
that'd be contributed and in terms of
helping to find a mine like to think
that I could help anybody out if they
want to so those are the things that I
wanted to say to the group in I hope
that this little presentation has been
worthwhile for all of you if anybody has
any questions and if there's time I'd be
glad to take them right now thanks again
I don't know if this is what they call
den time in the movie business yeah sure
I can talk about the intersection of um
drugs and intelligence and
assassinations sure as some of you may
know I spent after Phoenix riding the
Phoenix book close to 20 years exploring
that issue and I even wrote a little bit
about it in my first drug book
strengthen a wolf about how it's very
likely or at least it's possible that
there could have been a drug angle a
drug trafficking ankle in the Kennedy
assassination and that has to do with
the fact that what the CIA does this
isn't easy to sum up in a minute but the
CIA has as its job
one of its major jobs smuggling people
into foreign countries equipment
equipping them with false identities
false papers and smuggling them into to
foreign countries as agents so over the
course of its history the CIA has often
worked with drug traffickers you can be
pretty sure that the CIA uses drug
traffickers as agents that I know for a
fact that they did integral the triangle
into China to try and find out where
Chinese troops were there they did in
terms of the French Connection to try
and find out what was going on with the
French government because course skins
are trafficking and as a lot of you
probably know they the CIA had Santo
Trafficante on its payroll to try and
assassinate Fidel Castro which is
probably the the prime example of how
assassination drug trafficking and
intelligence come together
[Music]
Ted Shackley and Santo Trafficante
CIA mafia they work together and traffic
coffee was the biggest drug trafficker
in the United States at the time he was
basically receiving all in the karbix
a lot of narcotics down in Florida with
his partner Carlos Moore chillin and it
just seems I there's evidence that a
narcotic trafficking network that had
been set up into Texas out of Mexico and
it had been in existence since before
1947 including with including such
luminaries as Bugsy Siegel were involved
that all along that particular drug
trafficking network had been used by the
CIA and had been known about by angleton
and those people and it just seems to me
very likely that if our assassin was
going to be brought into United States
to kill Kennedy he very easily could
have been brought in especially if it
was a Corsican or a mafia guy or even a
qubit through that network drug
trafficking network that had been set up
that's just one example this this sort
of thing happens all around the world
all the time
the CIA is some you know deals in the
underworld with other world characters
and so I think it's just business as
usual although I can't say it happened
for sure in Dallas any other questions
it appears to be a question about the
assess possible assassination of CIA
director William Colby I have no idea if
Colby was assassinated but I know that
the kind of the question that people
asked in the CIA spheres that I knew was
who would have killed Kennedy the
question of Comey
the question was who wouldn't have
killed Kohli the guy had so many so many
enemies that there's probably a bigger
list of people that would have
potentially wanted to assassinate cold
even as any other person in the world
but I it's a it's a questionable
unsolved crime that in a way seems
befitting for William Colby but I have
no idea it seems to be a question about
the Patty Hearst kidnapping and its
relation to CIA mind control programs or
something of that sort
well I've been asked that question
before and when it comes to Patty Hearst
it gets interesting because there was a
fella involved who I heard about through
May Brussels which is I guess kind of
appropriate seeing as I began my little
speech talking about her and trying to
you know give her some do but she had
written that a guy named Colson
Westbrook who actually had worked at
Vacaville prison and had been Donald the
friezes had some relationship with
Donald to freeze their Colson Westbrook
from what I understand had been I had
worked in the CIA's interrogation Center
program its interrogation Center program
was one of the foundation stones of
Phoenix program which came a little
later I think Westbrook was there in 65
and 66 working as an interrogator with
the interrogation program which you know
at times use drugs on people and trying
to get turn people into double agents
it's not just interrogation it's
sometimes in a sense programming people
to go back into their organizations as a
double agent and stuff like that so
Coulson Westbrook had worked in that
facet of the of the of the program and
so I think that there there could be
that element in in the Patty Hearst
kidnapping I urge you all to go there
and check the some of this out Kent
State I don't think so other than
philosophically Waco I don't think so
other than philosophically I don't know
that I think what Kent State was just
the National Guard shooting and getting
freaked out but definitely I think
there's a connection with Patty Hearst
I've just got cues and I think my time
is up so once again thank you John John
and and everybody else I hope you
enjoyed the rest of the conference
Thanks